[Music] you gave me hope when it seemed hopeless
you put a song in my heart showed me a road not often taken
you gave me a start all the
way why did you ever change your name all the
way why did you ever change your name because you were like a whale on the
ocean Wild and Free you came and you were like a storm coming
out of mountains Never To Be Tamed all the
way why did you ever change your name all the way
why did you ever change your [Music]
name welcome back to satanic initiation on this second to last episode this will
be our official last satanic initiation Wednesday will be our official last
Bible studies thank you for coming tonight thank you for coming before I
tell you what we're gonna dive into and Omega I want to tell you tonight we will
have Gnostic informant come in and he was unable to make it last time because
he wasn't feeling well but now he's bouncing back and he's ready to go and
he's got the stuff to make everybody hate him um I also want to say really
quick there is an outstanding upand coming um scholar who's going to rip the
the backside out right out of that Victorian smile and um he he goes by old
boy a l d Bo Y and he just produced a
magnificent a magnificent vitty on atran
deity oh I can't wait until you see her I can't wait for it you got to go for it so that's old boy um yeah um nice job
old boy way to strike out man and his Greek his Greek is getting better and
better all the time all the time why because I'm I'm looking for Greek
students to pull in I'm looking for I'm looking for people who want that skill
who can sharpen it raise or sharp razor sharp these are the people we need and
I'm I'm educating them in the dojo there's not really any education going
on I'm just teaching them how to use the Greek and they're doing a great job so
if you get a chance stop by all point tonight on lady Babylon satanic
initiation we are going to dive into the Omega into the Omega now tonight is the
most crucial night that everybody out there everybody joining us put down your
popcorn for a minute put on your ears to hear because I'm going to be saying things
tonight that only you will catch a steady stream and I want you to catch
everything so that our initiation can be complete tonight we're going to give you
something a little special this is the last one right we're just GNA have one
more Bible study so in this satanic initiation I said look devil we' have
got to bring them something good something none of those other Mortals
would be able to come up with I mean pastors priests I mean Bible
scholars I mean all of them none of them's got it tonight I'm going to bring
you the prophecy prophecy the world hasn't seen
in a couple Millennia prophecy about someone
special yeah tonight on lady
[Music]
Babylon we've got a lot of weight tonight in just a few texts and I want
to bring it to you I mean this is crushing weight this makes the scholars look stupid this makes the last 1500
years of History look stupid you're gonna love this oh God and all it is is
the evidence people that's what you oh you gotta love it I love that evidence I love that evidence you know what I mean
it's those deex that's all we need let's clean this place up and how could we most appropriately
Purge the temple in our final satanic initiation only only one
way with the great mother of the Roman
people with Venus herself that's the only way that we're going to find this Temple
complete in order to bring the Omega chewy hit
it
[Music]
[Applause] [Music]
I [Music]
you saw it it was hidden you might see it again oh my God I want to go right
into tonight I want to go right into I'm gonna bring you a couple of texts we want the Morning Star tonight right we
want the Morning Star we want to bring that purification let's go to her then this
bringer of light let's go to that Alpha and Omega let's go to the first text she we hit
it boom
okay zonalon oh and he showed me a river of
water what what kind of water was it it was a Water of Life
and it was brilliant like cralon it was brilliant like
Crystal and it flowed it flowed out of the
thronos it flowed from a thronos yes look did Jesus give hand
gestures it flowed from a throne it flowed from a throne but it's
not just any Throne it's the Throne of God by the way this is the end that I am reading you the very end and
culmination have some respect for the word of God and it comes from the throne what is
it coming from it's coming from the throne what Throne the Throne of God and
the Throne of the Aron the throne throne of what who the
throne next of the Aron and um just tell me tell me really
quick what is Crystal calos what is it ice ice some kind of glass looks like
glass they used it as glass what is number two it equals Nar
Nar a numbness or a toror it comes comes from
this creation of the Frozen boom narcotize yourself narcotize
yourself your Frozen oh I see I see I see the ice go
back to the Frozen chewy go back to the Frozen yeah um who's this who's this go
ahead click it click it who's the what's this Nar what's this Nar look it's a
numbness it's a numbness look at number two the torpedo or electric ray what
yeah nums you can can you believe these people put this thing on their heads people got off on electric rays in
Antiquity we have descriptions of it dude you don't know you don't know you think you've been high these people
these people were getting loaded on everything natural on electricity wow
that's some abusers of electricity right you thought electricity was just for no
it's for this too um I want torper people thank torper what is this state
of torper that's being inded go back down um and what is the Aron what is the
thr what is the throne who's it belong to what is it it's there's an Aron that
it belongs to and everybody says little lamb little lamb right AR a little tiny one Aron
that's diminutive suffix isn't that nice uhoh but wait a minute don't think you
know everything look at Roman numeral number two to a fleece a fleece didn't you know there
was a throne yes yes I did but did did you know that there was a fleece on the
throne right of course there is what world did you think you came to this is history we're talking about okay let's
go to the next let's go to the next one boom 222 here we go in the middle in the
middle of the road of this place was River and this tree of life wait Zoe's
tree is here wait wait Zoe's tree yes Zoe's tree you remember her she was that
woman that was brought to the Adam she was that woman that was brought to the
Adam right Jehovah was trying to make things right within the
myy ran what happened devil devil let her have the drugs next thing you know
you know God's full of it you know God's full of it right we know know the good and evil we know it You' tasted it you
people have tasted it I've tasted it you can't get away from it we're Witnesses we know we know we've all had it let's
go that water is undeniable people it's undeniable in the middle of this place
you know this tree this tree of Zoe by the way it grows on both sides of the river
huh hang in there it has what kind of fruit it's got 12 12 12 kinds of fruit
yeah according to each month according to each month that's a very classical
thing and they produce this tree produces fruit one at each time the
proper time and the leaves by the way take it down take it down the leaves of this tree people the Le wait and you say
wait a minute did we get out of the ship yet yeah we got out of the ship we got the out of the ship in Paradise again
how do we get back to here this is fantastic right the end goes back to the
beginning I am the Alpha and the
Omega yeah thank you Jesus Morning Star thank you let's go let's go say thank
you Jesus no don't talk chewy don't talk at all um now I want to before we in
order to in order to you know kind of lubricate the system here in order to
kind of get us kind of warmed up here's a little vibration here's a little vibration from work this is cult work
that hasn't been translated since 1865 and um it's hiding it's hiding something
wonderful and I just want you to see it tonight mix myrr strong opsi and tears
distilled from Pine you like those tears remember who loves those
tears oh yeah Mary Magdalene you want to put her up she put her up there you go Mary Mary Magdalene loves those tears
there she is look at that druggie look at that druggie in a
cemetery those druggies entering death and Resurrection freaked out of their minds
love it let's go back let's go back you wanted to see the real history this is it people did you think she was normal
of course she wasn't um tears to steal from Pine oh yummy with flakes of tal
that like to Silver shine this shall reveal whatever men seek to know an omen
give of coming wheel or woe yeah yeah this is what this is what
we have to look forward to what did I bring this to you for um we've talked about it many times but people in
Antiquity um are using drugs are using drugs both for medical and for s
psychological for Spiritual for religious
reasons Christ is a medical term it's a religious
term yeah it's a pharmaceutical term yeah you people don't own it and
the classes are sitting like this
really because you don't read those texts we know you don't we know you don't Corpus metac Corum gorum look at
up sometime you big boys from Harvard looks like you guys got in trouble recently that's a
shame oh you're such a you're such a drag on progress in
scholarship oh my God okay people that's why I like to
teach Rogues that's why I like to teach Ronin are you Ronin you come to me you
want that tool you want that tool to kill I'll take the best I'll take that
best that tool that cuts a soul I'll give you that I'll give you that okay
let's go let's go back I'm sorry I'm starting to enjoy it too much we also
want to be intoxicated meth we want to be
intoxicated look at that second word there people meth oh what do you want I want to be
intoxicated but you know how I want to get my intoxication I want get it masto and I want to get it masto and has
anybody heard that root MOS as in mastectomy right this is
becoming enthusiastic through the breast through the breast they were using milk products
of humans to get high and to get into states of altered
Consciousness yep yep they were you just saw it you
just saw it it in the Greek There's No Going Back people you think oh the
initiation it was gonna woo no you were shown a world you can't go back you'll
always know those of you I just want to say this we're gonna have our jury on Wednesday and we're gonna pronounce the
verdict when it's handed down by you guys the
jury and then we're going to have sentencing if it's a guilty
verdict but what you don't realize is that when we all walk away
from it none of us can escape the reality of what we've seen you have seen
Jesus Christ in his natural habitat you have seen him as he was in history and
you can't turn away you were always going to look for that n naked boy that
was with him when he was arrested in Gethsemane at 400 a.m. you're can always look for that naked kid
now you can't escape you who are Christians you should be upset what I've
done to you that image that you have stayed here so faithfully and received
in your brains burned into your minds is your son of
God sexually abusing children yeah yeah while he's on
drugs for cult's sake what do you think the Christ
was let's go to the next one well I can't wait for this prophecy that I've got it is so hot I'm actually bringing
you a prophecy prophecy I'm saving it for the end saving I'm G to try to get
there in 45 by 45 after because uh I want I want Gnostic to jump in okay
let's go let's go um with the next one um with its complex oh sorry with its
complexion of of a lovely boy the opal fills the hearts of gods with joy thank
you translator John thank you very much for that nice rhyme which we know isn't in the original but I want you to notice
we are around Pirates we expect boys to be in
the mix we expect the boys to be here we're going to the Omega you didn't think we'd make it did you but here it
is next one please next one please this is all cult people this is all cult a
mighty Spirit feebe hath inspired Within These gyms by his own Radiance
fired okay so these are from that religious text I'm not even going to tell you what it's called or who wrote
it they don't know who wrote it they don't even know what the day is they don't they can't date this thing and
Scholars who debate back and forth they don't you know you could you could guess
at which one is right from the evidence that they've got you could guess that's
it let's go to another one another let's warm us all up above all gems Fierce
Mars the loadstone loves for eagerly to meet the steel it moves as the fond
Maiden bright in youthful charm strains the loved youth Within heard longing
arms so tight the load Stone in its eager grasp holds the love steel
reluctant to unclasp Cersei they say with magic lore
imbued armed with this Stone her Port potent filters brooded et's daughter
loved the load Stone too let's go to the next
one take it down why Mars why Mars don't
miss that don't miss the powers that are being used don't miss the science that
is being beautifully woven into um this form of worship this
mystery that was so important in Antiquity this this thing that went back
to the queen herself the lady Babylon herself the biggest enemy of Jesus Christ on the earth lady
Babylon yeah love it let's go let's go back to the text boom soon will we prove
the virtues that I teach when we the altar of thy savior reach uhoh stop it
for a minute everybody pull out pull out your I'm gonna stand
outside myself for a moment and look at this situation that's what we need do that on Throne the throne will let you
do that right it's a function go same text for Yonder slave can everybody see
that slave for Yonder slave companion of my road on his broad shoulders Bears an
ample load who is this guy but since undone our Journey's greater part fear
of the monster fills thy beating heart is this you attend whilst I an antidote
declare look at them with their drugs constantly do and antidote no more of
the trailing Serpent's tooth to fear why not why don't we need to fear the tooth have you been pushing the tooth is this
for you do you burn with that poison this will counteract it let him who by
the dragon's Fang hath bled is that you is that you sister and brother is that
you have you bled by the dragon's flang Fang and in the stone his sure Reliance
place for wounds inflicted by the reptile race have you been inflicting the wounds
have you made the Medusa do you see her do you see her
coming can you reach out can you reach out to her you are reaching out to
a an entity this is not a mortal this is
a Dion you're reaching out to it you Christians you have participated
you have participated in the act of reaching out to the
dionis yeah you have you're tainted whether or not you did you feel that voice you heard that voice at the very
beginning you saw satanic initiation and you said run that voice that PMA said
run run this is of the devil now you're
corrupted looking at it from our direction from the direction of this congregation you're cleansed you're
cleansed excuse me you're cleansed but from your own Direction
you've been sullied look at yourself what you've participated in these images
won't leave you you're marked now you are marked like a record you're life is
a record to be read out in a cosmic court you are marked go I Mark you it's
part of the contract people um next one yeah yeah oh here's a
good one what are the drugs can we get oh people let's get some more drugs the ostras mixed with wine affords again a
quick relief to cool their fiery pain um let
those of you here you know who've got the ears do you understand the transformation here those of you who
have been here do you understand how we are describing the right the sacred
stone that from the Viper came well known to leeches by the Viper's name have you
ever met a leech does anybody know a leech take that down for one second and
I'm gonna put it right back the leech do you know the
leech they bleed you they bleed you why would they bleed you because they need
your blood you mean it's not just me getting rid of my blood no it's not just that that blood is a
resource strange especially if you are of a certain
persuasion and what persuasion is that if you are the one that is born by the
goddess producer the Theos Mary AKA Mary
if you are born of her it is your blood that saves it is your
blood that saves do you see what they did with Jesus poor little baby he didn't even see it coming they've
already got the gold and the m and the drugs set up they've already got that muron that ends up on his face they've
already got the basics for that they're ready to go plus the financing this
virgin girl is GNA produce the one whose blood will save us
all do you wonder why Jesus walked around talking such things do you wonder
do you think did you think Christians that he just got ejected up from the sky
into a woman's uterus into a girl's uterus into a 12y old's
uterus oh God it's so gross to talk about the origins of Christianity it's so gross but somebody has to do it okay
I'm sorry the devil hates that right can the you won't see him hanging around you
won't see him hanging around doing stuff like that you didn't see Lucifer get arrested
with a naked kid did you you didn't see Lucifer blowing his blowing his top and
kicking all of his PE people out of his garden you didn't see him do that
Lucifer has class man he's got real class hell Satan let me hear it from you
hell Satan hell Satan that's right man not a arrested with a naked kid you
think Lucifer's going to be up on charges like that no no transdimensional
court in the world's going to do that everybody knows that's man he's the what do you let's go back go back to the
source let's go back to that one yep keep reading it I got to read so what is this leech doing yeah the sacred stone
that from the Viper came okay listen up well known to leeches by the Vipers name
aided by which divine mcan's art cured
the rankling wound the nine-year smart when the despairing hero now no more
hope for deliverance from the festering soar but taught its virtues by his sire
on high with this he healed the
Bold Pan's thigh and sent him forth rejoicing on
his way to Troy the frian ravisher to slay it's yeah yeah yeah what kind of code is
all that right you heard the surface now realize there's something
called the oric Vox the oric Vox or the walk
Ora the oric Vox the oric voice and realize that you are hearing a
story and underneath the story because you have been here and those who went who've been through the whole Seven
Seasons you're picking up those symbols like that and picking them out you're getting faster than I am right okay so
you know that there's a story and underneath the story is a point underneath the story is an edge a
Razor's Edge and that's why we're going to bring you the prophecy tonight let's keep going let's keep
going boom far greater fear never slumbering day or night had files of the
Vipers bite that's who was healed M that's who that's who there that that's who is healed right um philik ties he's
the one who's subject of the Viper's bite are you subject to the viper bite
do you know who's worthy of the bow of Heracles do you know who's worthy you
know what Heracles uses he uses the poison of the Hydra use squirm
bags yeah that's that's how he would refer to you yeah you bags of squirming
rotten flesh you haven't been purged let me introduce you to the Hydra
oh God who wants to go I want to go can we just field trip everybody going to
we're going to the Mysteries now some of us may not come back you
know nothing nothing ventured nothing gained go let's go the next one oh yeah
um falls from the feet to teach some charm that far away should Chase whenever he reached his home the reptile
race touched by his prayer the wizard High reveals the sought for antidote nor
a conceals invokes Apollo witness of his truth and give these precepts to
suppliant youth yeah there's the youth coming him did
anybody see the boys coming in have you people become comfortable enough with
the Pirates to understand what the business is all about you remember when we were on that
ship a couple of seasons ago with that thran pirate you remember what he did he
had had his guys go ashore and take that young kid and then he told him bring him
to his room he's the best looking right best looking thran they could find and
they took him took him to his to his place of surgery and cut off his testicles so
that when he awoke because he had to keep him drugged while he was asleep right when he
awoke what happened he was transformed into an angel you ever seen an angel
birthed those of you we stand around we thank a I say angel and you think fairy
tale I know you do you think dude in a white dress maybe long blonde straight
blonde hair pale skin like a European maybe blue eyes right something like
that big and tall and very Pious looking right no no that's not that's not how
angels are born right that's not how angels are brought about you mean angels are
Creations yeah just like the Medusa right and by the way that concept
of an angel that you think is Central to Christianity and Judaism guess where
they got it it's a Greek word when that dude in the thir Century that the um
person in the thir Century probably Jewish who wrote the Torah in Greek for
the first time when he did that the bonee head encoded he used he he used
the orphic mystery and I'm going to show you tonight I'm going to break the code Plutarch knew this straight up and um
Gnostic informance is going to tell you how Plutarch knew it right but that
tribe of Levites that tribe of Levites guess where guess where they come from oh my
God are they in on it too are they in on it holy Mel let's look at it when this
thing was written when your Torah when your Bible was written your Old Testament was written in the 3r century
BC the Knuckleheads that composed it borrowed from the cult that was present
in their society it's not it's not a surprise it's not a surprise but they weren't smart enough to hide it they
just left it in the open it just says it okay let's before let's get keep going
I'm getting my blood is up I don't know why I don't know why it's every time biblical Scholars I smell a Biblical
scholar it makes me so mad if I had a room full of biblical Scholars I would be like okay now I'm gonna hold you
cannibal for all your BS right and I'd be like stand up come here this is my fantasy I can have fantasies too what I
would do I wouldn't I wouldn't hurt anyone nor would I cause any sort of
permanent damage to their fragile psyches no of course not this is all in
love this is all in love love when you purify someone come here like this
biblical Scholars come here come here here take down your little pants and
bend over no bend over there you go
thanks did you know there's no term that whole urum and Therman thing those
actual Hebrew words you know they're not in the septu [Laughter]
they totally altered the text afterwards you know what those guys were doing with
the Dead Sea Scrolls they were making Hebrew versions from the
Greek oh my God and everybody's like oh this is so wonderful we have
something no you don't you have Greek you have copies of a Greek text that's
all appropriation is appropriation this stuff belongs to the
Greeks who do you think was making profits go let's go it's Bronze Age
Greek society palasan if we want to give credit we got to say
palasan because it's it's old this technology is old let's go to the next
one for all the pests that out of Earth arise the Earth's Own Self the antidote
supplies she breeds the Viper but she too the sage the means presents to qual
sorry yeah the means presents to quell the Viper rage all kinds of gems spring
from her bosom wide yeah and hapless Mortals with sure
help provide let's go to another one do you see how much where is the thinking
here the scientists are thinking we get dotes and antidotes we give drugs they
cause reaction we give antidotes to block the activities or the symptoms that those drugs produce we make a
cocktail so that we can specially design the person imagine if it's the future
and you can walk up to a panel and you can push a button and you can say I need a combo that lift me up pull me down put
me this way make me feel this give me a little couple inches of height and maybe
make me aroused boom out of comes that's only because of people who
have done thousands of years of work on what those substances do that's a lot of
laboratory time people that's a lot of laboratory time and who is the one
culture that we keep seeing who that that are really pioneering this doe and
antidote who what's the one culture it's those children of the sun Daughters of
the sun they're the ones who were doing all all of this experimental stuff all
of this experimental stuff did you see in this cult text that I've been reading
you from from the translation that's what the English is that I keep putting up it's all cult text did you notice the
names that we've mentioned so far Cersei and media of course of course let's go
back to the next Source this is going to get really good now hold on okay um yeah and he showed to me a river and a river
of Water of Life and it was shining as Crystal I just want to keep going and it was coming out of the Throne of God and
the and the sheep skin and in the middle of this road you know there was this
tree on both sides of the river and what happened it made these fruits that
produced these TW it made this these 12 fruits they were produced according to each season yeah yeah and the the leaves
they're for what for therapy they're for therapy this is
medicine people it's the tree of life what' you think we were doing go to the next one boom I just want to keep
reminding people in Every curse look and Every curse is gonna go away do you know
why he says that every curse is going to go away now you evangelicals you're thinking because this is from the Bible
right this is this is the Revelation or the apocalypse right um you what's the curse
that's going to it is the sin my son it is the sin of the world being T no you
[__] we're talking about a healing cult yeah and those curses they cause
disease they cause disease you don't look at the world that way do you no
because you don't know what curses are and how to use them and thank goodness you don't thank goodness you don't
let's go to the next one next one chewy we can't teach that's too advanced next thing you know we'll be having outbreaks
and all sorts of things and you know the look these words are true and faithful
the Lord God yeah sent out his Angel right and what's this Angel gonna
do he's gonna show to the slaves of Jesus he's going to slow show the slaves
of Jesus the thing that's going to happen whatever's going to happen man and it's going to be quick what's coming
soon he's going to show them he's going to show them and he says Hey pay
attention this is Jesus I'm coming Morning Star I'm coming he says I'm coming quickly taka and what's gonna
happen blessed is the one who guards the logy who guards those words
logus what words words of the prophets yeah
okay words of the Prophecies of what this book those who guard these prophecies
are the ones who were following the mystery and by that I do not mean sitting in your movie theater watching
your show the comings Massacre or whatever you call it getting off the
boat late what did they used to call that thing that idiot that was in that sitcom in the 80s um was big into some
author made a goo gaggle of money writing about the fear of the coming
here comes so much so that I had a relative asked me would I watch your dogs when Jesus comes back to get
her people people the fairy tale the fairy tale is dragging you
into idiocy do you know what the people said when Peter and John showed up in
the city to preach do you know what they said these are
Greeks uh I don't know about you but uh these two bozos are
idiots they're illiterate they're illiterate did you know that all the
time that Jesus spent with those boys he didn't want given him given an alpha beta gamma oh my God oh my
God Jesus Christ Jesus Christ go to the next one we got to get we're we're
coming down down to the backstretch nostic just give me give me a second I'm coming in blessed are those who wash
their gowns in order that the the force the forceful
Essence right of this from that tree might come upon
them right they after get it they can go into the city through the gates right
you want to go to the city through the gates got to have the Water of Life Bone
Heads what's outside of all this all of us look we're all sitting here satanic
congregation we know what we've got we've had the Water of Life who are the
Bon heads who are the boneheads there're a bunch of other people says Jesus we're
trying to do the same thing wait what
yeah the people who are against us they're all Kunes dogs and everybody
translates that the same dogs dogs why would he say dogs why would he say dog
Jesus you got something against dogs I come to thank you it I never saw Jesus
ever pet a dog and that makes me sad because I love dogs Jesus Christ B
over that's for that's for being mean to dogs that's for being mean to dogs but
it's not really his fault because these Kunes that he's talking about this is a
select group this is a known group right Hercules is
accompanied where he goes by his Phoenician
dogs yeah do you know who the enemy is to this Christ who is Venus whose mother
was the goddess Bearer do you know who he is he's the enemy of the dogs what are
the dogs doing let bring that passage back up let's what are the what are those dogs doing oh God look at them
K whoa wait a minute poroi oh God they're prostitutes and drug users those
Kunes we all know that and they're murderers too and they're idolators you know what they do you know
what they do in the darkness of their Temple yeah you know what they do yeah
okay Jesus is competing with them right he's competing when that pathia comes to
Jesus comes to Paul and says you're doing the Christ thing he's like shut
up right and she follows him around and then ultimately he gets her in trouble
and he gets himself in trouble right couldn't just keep your mouth shut Paul you drugie you couldn't just keep your
mouth shut she nailed you for her you were and because it scared you like it
did Peter you shut your you tried to shut her up right she's just a woman
unfortunately for you she was a woman who was an Oracle and it caused you to get the you know what beaten out of you
who wants to see Paul who wants to see Paul with those people having mess with this girl cuz she's a Pia hav't messed
with this girl and now people are beating him up right this is the reality people this is
not fairy tale Paul they ought to show this one why don't you guys illustrate this one in your Sunday schools why
don't you show Paul harassing a a a [Music]
girl misogynist better to marry than the burn what you sick
of that's a different that's a different court it's goingon to deal with that case let's go to the next one
um and behold you know I come quickly and my rewards with me yeah just jump down to 13 we got to hurry I am the
Alpha and the Omega did you see that I am the Alpha and the Omega the first and
the completion of things right the initiation and the completion do you
understand the Omega the Omega is when everything comes together this is the beginning and the t- Los this is the
completion of you the completion of you wait it has to do with me yes it has to
do with us the completion of us next one let's go through these oh I jesus sent
an angel yeah to witness to you these things about the churches I am the
root right and The Offspring of David now what else does he say is look at the second line I am H I am the star hos
which star the you know the bright one does everybody know what the bright
shining Morning Star is the proos proos excuse me
who it's that Morning store everybody knows who the Morning store is we Romans
we worship the Morning Star you boneheads right not you the rest we
worship that morning star let's go on let's go on who do you think is the Alpha and the
Omega didn't you think Venus the Alpha and the Omega of course right it has to
be a lot of you thought Venus is Venus because I've seen her through a modern lens no no
no Venus is much more than you think much more so much more that Jesus is
stealing our Thunder isn't that nice Jesus is stealing the Thunder of the
Goddess Venus right that's her title that's her
title you [__] take that away I take that I I I petition this court to remove
the title of Jesus I petitioned this court to give it back to Venus to whom
it belongs and to whom it was with for thousands of
years give it back belongs to her let's go next one oh look at this look at this
oh okay and uh yeah I this is the river I don't know why I wanted you to see it again I wanted you to see it again for
some reason but let's I've got four or five more let's let's let's keep up a pace here look at verse 15 now you're
saying where is this from guess what kitties remember that Jewish guy that
wrote the Torah in the 3 Century BC remember him um this is what he's
writing and this is from
Exodus it sounds so fun funny right exodos guess what language gave us that
right okay um and what did he say what what is God's command to Aon and the
boys the Levites what's the command what's the
command and you got to make an oracle you got to make an oracle loon is
an oracle you got to make an oracle of cron w yeah what go to the next go to the next
you got to make a what you got to make an oracle look people look at number two they knew this in Antiquity I'm not I
mean they knew this in in the last 200 years I'm not bringing up anything new this is the thing that they're making
that the high priest is going to walk around in okay do you see it here it's coming here it's coming the reality
ready ready go to the next one it's a it's what kind of Oracle is it it's an
oracle of look at number three and four it's an oracle of election it's an
oracle of Dreams it's an oracle of Dreams importance didn't you know that the tent
that Moses set up was called a testerian testerian now there is no word for that
in Hebrew right so all of this has to be fudged when it's time for people to
appropriate and they start taking the Greek and translating it into what is by
then lurgical Hebrew so they only have they only have like 8,000
words I'm sorry but it is such a bad
idea it is such a bad idea the fact that those knuckle heads couldn't figure out
that they couldn't possibly translate all the technical terminology is
hilarious I had a couple of verses for you I was going to bring and show you just it was verse 12
2812 and I was going to show you um look the Greek uses two words with the same
root right next to each other for a reason here like it loves to do and the Hebrew doesn't know what to
do the Hebrew doesn't know what to do so it uses two different totally different
terms that are only related to the art that the Greek is talking about the art
that the Greek was talking about is embroidery right so um it's you know
it's there it's there I hope I hope oh it's there's so much to be done there's
so much to be done with that let's keep going I'm almost there Gnostic I'm almost there but wait we got a good thing coming up okay blow this up toy
now people here is the sacred document here's the sacred document and I just wantan to I I've shown you a couple of
lines of this in the past this is the orphic litha right and he says look
Hermes the son of Maya he he came here and he gave us a gift he gave us the gift of the danger averting Zeus or the
danger averting God right and what is this thing it's an it's a remedy it's a
remedy for all of your pain it's a remedy for your pain yeah and um The
Mortals that take it right these people are going to they're going to do good things right and they have to be in a
certain State they have to have a heart that's pure right you got to have Pure Heart these satanists don't want you
messing around with any of this magic if you're not of pure heart you know what I mean come on man you can't get there
anyway you got you have the least bit of greed in you you have just one
sliver throw that silver coin out you grab that
thing oh that's it you're done there's no Purity there you greedy scumbag
that's what the that's what the um Furies say greedy
scumbag that's their line um okay um look it's not right it's not right for
people who are like who are these bad people it's not right for them to have visions anyway so the stuff that I'm
going to show you it's it's just for those of us with ears to hear who have been purified and once you how do you
take someone who has who who um who believes you know maybe they're Buddhist
maybe they're Hindu maybe they're Jewish maybe they're a Christian maybe they're a Mormon Scientologist I don't care
right maybe they're an atheist maybe they're an atheist they sit around what
what gets the Christians um what gets the atheist or what should get them is that they're named after the Christians
the Christians are the first people to achieve that name atheist isn't that nice why because they don't believe in
Justice Christians don't Believe In Justice no they don't do you want
evidence they'll take out your government yeah they don't care Justice
doesn't matter they let criminals out of jail and they'll put people in jail for
taking care of their own bodies yeah it I'm just telling you what Julian said I'm just telling you what
Sala said they are illiterate idiots who will take down
your government this is what they're all saying from Antiquity and you and I are
watching it we have a front row seat Jesus must love the hell out of us
because we're right there to watch him take it down yeah yeah you remember the
blood of tyrants and their Patriots must be shed or you will not retain
DK you won't keep your Liberty you won't keep your freedom that's that's a I'm sorry that's
my that's my American coming out there's got to be a little American in all of us
right um okay let's go let's go is there a problem hang on she's indicating
there's a problem let's pause for this message from your sponsor who is this
who is it I can't see I can't I can't read your
lips oh did you hear sh you're not supposed to
say okay DK oh by the way people keep asking when is chewy going to show her
face when is chewy going to show her face it's
mystery let's go to the back to the text back to the text we're almost done we're in the stretch here um I'll I'll hurry
us along a little bit and what is he what do we really need to know look this is part of a Trad tradition this thing
that Hermes passed down to us this gift it it's gone through people like Apollo
to his son it went through Athena to others citizens people like Heracles who
were able to pick it up and were able to what were able to mount The Ether they
were able to mount The Ether can you hear me these are the people who have done this through time um Chiron is one
of them and what did he do he taught the art to his boys he taught the to his
boys you can substitute Jesus for Chiron and it's the same cult we still
get Christ we still get sons of God we still get death and
Resurrection okay what about that prophecy you promise me let's go on um
there's a lot here of what's promised but let's go on to the I want to see the prophecy that nobody's revealed that I
want people to have tonight okay now I want you to recognize really quick this is on the litha and I
just want you to see on the authorship of the poem this poem is considered by some HHA to be the production of some
Asiatic Greek that's a just slight just a slight hint
of kind of eugenic kind of thinking
right I mean technically you know he's from Asia well whatever it doesn't
matter um written in the four Cent that's the guess total guess after the profession of magician had been made a
capital offense by the law of constantius right okay he even conjectures that the Godlike
Prophet that we're to talk about now keep going oh is what well let's get to
some drugs first right yeah the salagrama or sacred stone of Vishnu I
don't know how to say that to you it I'll defer to snap be on that some Stone sacred to issue to Vishnu so much used
by the brahans in all propitiatory rights especially at the moment of death is described by somebody as a kind of
ammonite a very heavy oval and round black the veryy wrinkled ponderous round
black orites of orus orus sometimes its color is
violet yeah represents that vindictive Avatar okay take it down take it down wait a
minute what I thought we were in Greece oh we're all over baby we are all over the globe go back
to the next one all over to the all over the globe here we are I want to give you a few a couple of passages here here's
the prophecy people are you ready what's going to happen to this God Prophet who is this God Prophet that's coming who is
this son of God that is coming who's going to use the gift of Hermes who's
going to know the Ambrosia and like Chiron is going to pass it on to his
boys who is this well I'll tell you I'll tell you who um what happens to this
Prophet the boys who have soft I'm translating them the boys who have soft
flesh they grab him with their little grabby grabby hands and cause him to
enter desire oh okay it's getting a little bit strange
um keep going this is unheard are you ready and the soft Kora that soft Kora
does everybody know the soft Kora that soft girl pulls him into her bed because
she is always always always just hot and bothered for
filotes oh my God she loves that stuff with the kisses with the kisses let's
keep going are you you serious this is profit yep I'm serious are you ready it's going to start to sound familiar
give me the next one and uh what's going to happen look at the second line when there's a storm
on the sea he's not going to get upset he's not going to be shaken he's gonna
walk on the water and his feet will be as if they're on dry land
on dry land does that sound familiar anyone let's keep going let's keep going
why do you think Jesus was talking about well this happen because this prophecy has to be fulfilled uhoh look at line 40
look at line 40 Jesus this is starting not to look good and the
Pirates The Pirates Who are atypical what do they do they abandon
him they abandon him you know those boy Pirates you know that rock that he was
Raising he pulls out that sword he's going to be the next pirate he's going to be the next leace did you see the
word laas there yeah yeah Le status there's their
plural look at it line 40 right and what's going to happen look at the next
line it says and people are going to what they're going to see the father in him they're going to see the father in
him and they are going to love his kingdom they're going to love his kingdom wait this is prophet phy yep
it's prophecy let's see if it came true let's see if it came true go to the next one we only got a couple of these left
right this is coming up on the end of satanic initiation what else can this Prophet do
this God what else can he do he can see into people's brains he can see what The Mortals are trying to hold in their
minds he knows what they're contriving he even knows what those bird songs are
those creatures that hover in the air he knows when they give out their bakic
song he knows these things that are unheard of by men right who don't have ears to hear he
knows the birds those those prophets of Zeus he
knows them what else does he know uh oh this is GNA scare you are you ready he
knows how to establish the rush of the coming dragon
and he knows how to balance the drug of the snake you see line 49 you see where
it says Eon there's our EOS people there's our EOS people and how does it
get transmitted to him I'm going to give it to him I'm gonna give it to him in the hos I'm gonna give it to him
in the bile you know what that bile is in the Vox that bile is serpent Venom
he's going to be a master of the serpent Venom he's going to be screaming about
people who are thirsty he's going to be bringing people into death and raising
them again are you let me ask the Christians are you ready to be raised
from the dead are you ready I'm speaking to you you evangelicals you ready
because you know Jesus can do it you know he can raise from the dead you know
you can drink those drugs that'll kill you and they won't you know you can lift up those
vipers wait a minute you don't as a Christian you don't then you're not a
Christian turn around and walk away you didn't come here as a kid anyway you
weren't put through the right you're uninitiated you are unborn again you know what you are you're a psychological
deviant you're a psychological deviant who thinks you're in a state
that they were in an Antiquity and you're 180 degrees off
180 degrees off oh God it's embarrassing
but somebody's got to show you the history right somebody's got to show you we got two more slides go give actually
um yeah actually I want to quit I want to quit right there on that last slide just bring that last slide up one more
time I think it was this one bring that one up yeah yeah a thousand other
blessings heaped on high stored in the cave of skill hermes's lie Immortal true of wondrous potency who so attains a
happy man is he is that nice that's a little Victorian misogyny cuddled in
there too um but there you go there you go love it love it okay let's bring in
um Gnostic informant Gnostic informant thank you for coming I really appreciate
the fact that you would join me and miss my my second to last episode for satanic
initiation and bible studies um tell me something tell me just really quick
before I get into the interview part and PE people love to see it people last time were saying in the comments they're
saying who he's so hot well I got I want to add some
sources in compliment to what you've already brought brought across because I think the main the main theme here and
main theme of the S Sanic initiation in general is there is no escaping the
world the Greek world that these religions are operating in theology
itself comes from the orix Orpheus being called the first Theologian all of this
descends from media and the Magical rights that came out of culus that
influenced the atrans the Greeks the Romans the carthaginians the Egyptians everybody and they call themselves
orphics they pythagoreans pythagoreans are basically orics that are living in Italy uh Plato was one of these people
he called himself an oric he he he starts platonism uh the stoics come
along and the stoics and the platonist mix together you get middle platonism that's where Christianity comes out of
and so forth and there's no escaping this you you can only you there's certain that when they're speaking in
their languages whether it's Hebrew or Greek or Egyptian there are certain words that etymology goes back to these
orics and like I'm going to show you like the word Eucharist you and carus to
give Grace that's a technical cultic term but I'm getting ahead of myself
first I want to show Paul our buddy Paul our Pure Paul you know he has obviously
no links to Media right that'd be crazy media is a witch what would Paul have to do with media uh let's go with the
source that I got the first one I told you about when I'm the shared screen all right this is from from Titus one of the
letters that are attributed to Paul um in the spirit of Paul maybe one of his
maybe somebody who Paul is traveling with whatever it's Titus it's it's got
Paul's name on it and if you go down he says one of cit's prophets has said it
crans are always Liars evil brutes lazy Glutton this saying is true okay what
prophet is he talking about who's Prophet why is he calling him a prophet well it turns out this is from epimenides most people would already
know that but here's the thing epimenides didn't make this up
epimenides is citing somebody and I'm going to go to this screen now
epimenides is citing media here it is he reports athenodorus
of eretria in the eighth book on his commentaries says that thetus and media
had a dispute in thess you know that's where the uh pans
settled uh as to which was the most beautiful their judge
idenus who gave Victory to thetus media in Anger said the cretians are always
liars and in Revenge she made the curse that he would never speak the truth just
as he lied in his judgment there's that epen Paradox right there EP is citing
media and then so by extension Titus Paul is is citing media there you go you
can't escape media's influence no matter how hard you try to purify or separate
those are pagans and we're Christians we're different we're going to put a a fake border around Israel or or Judea
and say this is Judaism and everyone else is pagans no no no no you don't get to do that this is all the same cultural
milu they're all in being influenced by these orphics these ancient uh magical
rights media is um she's a ma she's a Magus she she her and Cersei have the uh
the uh the famous R rombos which is what Jesus is depicted holding let me show
you guys here's Jesus holding his rombos you know this is the these are
the oldest images of G Jesus in existence before the beard of Jesus that everyone knows he used to be depicted with like
this without a beard in fact sometime there's actually they found a statue of
what they thought was Apollo exactly like Apollo you know that feminine look that Apollo carries then
they found out later on it wasn't Apollo it was a statue of Jesus they just took a statue of Apollo and called it Jesus I
mean I'm just trying to explain to you the imagery the culture cannot be escaped the influence cannot be escaped
Jesus is a Magus like everyone else is now I want to go to
Revelation this is revelation one where you have this idea
of this Jesus coming the hair on his head was white like wool his eyes were
blazing with fire his feet were like bronze glowing in a furnace and his voice was the sound of Rushing Waters
and in his hand he held Seven Stars what is this what kind of imagery
is this well this is everywhere back in this time period you have the images of
the Invincible son always and I have I'm going to show some more this is one coin of Roman
mithus with the Seven Stars 1 2 3 4 five six seven there's your crescent moon and
there's your your gradiant crown and this religion of the unconquered
Sun comes from the East in particular the culus region where the
Magi are you know the Persians are mainly influenced by this too but ultimately if
you go back far enough you'll see this is from that little wedged region in between the Black Sea and caspan SE
region media is the daughter of the sun they were the F there was the kingdom of
the Sun the bosporus kingdom even in the time of Augustus they were this this
area of the world was so revered that no one was allowed to have a kingdom you
couldn't have a kingdom under Rome you have an emperor and everybody is either a you know either you're a Consul or a
governor some sort of tetrarch but the bosporus was allowed to keep their Kingdom the only place in the world that
was allowed to keep their Kingdom there was a lot of respect paid to this part of the world when odid got in trouble he
had to flee to that part of the world he had nowhere else to go he had to go to the bossus where he'd be protected
basically under basically as like a uh um you know sort
of like what you know Edward Snowden is right right now where you're you go like you're in trouble if he go if he goes
back to America he's gonna get arrested but he can hang out in Russia it's kind of like that it's kind of like opid right um so now I wanted to show that
but I want I got some slides that I want to go through now and it's relating to these rights that I'm talking about I I
want to explain what I'm talking about so
let's oh I
[Music] think um yeah technical difficulties
people just second chewy what we flying to an asteroid oh back I'm back my bad oh here he is here he is okay good good
I'm do your thing no hold just give me a second because I got I gotta load it back up again now but
I let me say while while mostic is is reloading up here let let me just say
how nice it is to hear the words of media out of the lips of Paul the Apostle that's so nice and what's even
maybe even more incredible is to hear it from epines because epines the prophet
he's considered the one you know he inspired some stuff that ultimately ends up through Solon going into a world of
democracy so you know these these people especially the presocratic
man you cannot not give them enough credit I mean this guy is the Thomas Jefferson of antiquity Thomas Jefferson
and this guy I guarantee you epines and Thomas Jefferson are sitting in hell
right now with a table and a fine French wine and they are both having a
conversation that the demons are just sitting there like this oh my God these
guys are fantastic right so hey um thank you for that epines link and also the
fact that culus is you know is a region of the world where this art is evolving
that ultimately is the mystery that that Christianity and Judaism um spring from
yeah yeah and this is where you get the mes who name themselves after media you have Herodotus explains right in book
one of The histories that all this comes from media the the Trojan War itself is a result of some things that happened
according with media and and the um and Helen but I got some slides that I want
to bring on the screen now and now I click the right button so this is from this is from plutar we're gonna go
through some stuff that plutar has to say plut tark's talking about this zorer
mag Ma magian you know he says before the Trojan War uh he says 5,000 years I
don't know about all that may I don't know where he's getting that number from anyways but he says he calls the one
Arman or it's Horas the ores and the later aranos right and there this
there's something that's going on here that we see in Judaism where you have the the uh the yam kipor or you have the
where you have one goat that you set off into the Wilderness which is
aizel the evil you have these two different opposing Spirits right this is
something this is zor this com straight from zor who is part of in part of the same
region where media was located anyways he says furthermore the objects of sense
the one resembles light the other darkness mithas is between the two the
reason the Persians mythus the mediator remember Jesus says I'm the mediator and
he says I am the L I am Lucifer the bright and Morning Star this is all cultic terminology that we see
everywhere right so mediator taught them to offer sacrifice and vows and
Thanksgiving that's in English if you go to the Greek you could check you guys can all check hopefully you guys are
checking me I don't want you to just take my word for if this was hit I'm on doing it he would just have the Greek up and I'm not as good as that so I just
kind of I go with the translation I check the Greek just because I want to know I want to know what's the terminology the word is not Thanksgiving
the word is Eucharist he says that he's saying that
uh zoraster taught the of the Eucharist this is exactly what it says and it says
vows and Eucharist to the one of depre depr deprecation and mourning to the
other the rights of mourning ritual mourning of Adonis right ritual mourning of Jesus and for they bruise A Certain
herb am I think it's am Ammon or something Amon or something like that thing I that's how you pronounce it and
it's a in a mortar and they invoke Hades with it mixing it with the the blood of a wolf they sacrifice and then they
carry it and throw it into a place where the Sun never comes and this plant they
call the de The Damons right okay now the reason why I wanted to show that is
because I'm want to go go because Plutarch in another text that I have right here called the symposia where him
and his buddies and one and is he's with his teacher his name is Ammon by the way ammonius that's his teacher and they're
discussing what is this God of the Jews so go back to the slides if you can
and it says all right who is this God who is this God right and he says what's the mysteries of the Jews and is there a
solid reason that we can give to prove Adonis to be the same with bakus here's
where we get into the syncretisms that we see with these middle platonist they're syncretizing they're they're
they're combining all these Gods into to Super Gods right so here we're seeing
the rights of Adonis and Bach is being M mingled together and he talks about how
I'm I'm skipping through through this you guys can read this screen uh pause it later or come back and pause it read
the whole thing I'm going to flip right through it he says the holy he says the uh this Most Holy somy of the Jews is
exactly agreeable to the rights of bakus for which they call the feast that they celebrate in the midst of vintage
Furnishing their tables with all sorts of fruits and they sit under the Tabernacle whoops I'm getting ahead of myself and then it says that over on the
right he says uh for for they have the trumpets and the Grans use this at their
back Ofelia to call upon their God and he's noticing they're doing the same rights as people in alinan Mysteries
he's I'm watching him do the exact same thing they're dressed the same they have the same Priestly garments he says that
the Levites have this name that looks a lot like uh a group of Priestly class
called the Lucius or evus he said either way whe whichever which one of the
emology is it's agreeable to bakas he's like he's looking at this and saying these are the rights and and the reason
for this is if you tried to to separate Jerusalem as like this branched off
force field world where everyone else is separate from them and they have no influence on the outside and they're
they don't know anything that's going on anywhere else you're going to lose this there's a there's a way that priest get
ordained in the ancient world and it was typical of how they offer incense on
certain days certain priests have to do the certain things they have a certain way to build their temples with the holy
of holies in the middle we see this in Egypt we see this in Judea we see this in Syria all this is how this was done
this is a Bronze Age tradition from media from that time
period passed down everywhere throughout the entire Mediterranean world we call me and Amon call this the Bak Empire you
start to see this there's there's a com there's a common there's a there's
commonalities amongst these and they overlap each other it's no different for the priests of Israel
and so let's keep continuing on with this slide you can see it with the with the
way they dress this is a Christian Orthodox priest holding the staff on the
right you're probably wondering what's that on the right is that just another staff that no no no that's a St that's a
Hermes staff found from 500 BCE from
Athens and that was welded onto a staff where the priest the uh yah o they're
called and they they they held they had their high priest holding these the this is this is a wand this is a this is a
Romos wand it's a magical it's a magical instrument and you see this Orthodox
priest is holding it why why do you think they're holding it do you really think this is just cool looking no this
is there's reasons why they held on to these traditions this matters and you're thinking what about the Romans that's
Greek right well the Romans have their own way of doing it the Romans have their staff that they call elitus and the
augor in the ancient world held these and the augor did diviner with looking
at Birds right and it's funny because the word cardinal is is is a Latin word that
comes from these priests they named the red bird after the Cardinals and it's interesting because the augor used birds
in their divination so you're like is there is something going on with that maybe I'm just throwing it out there I'm
just just looking at things I'm noticing now let's go to the next one there's
your Cardinal right there that red bird right it's augury stuff this is augury all right now mithas Lucifer the
Invincible son the lightbearer you see the torch Bears the Dori there's actually a if you look at
the early Christ Association groups there was a branch there was a a a type
of priest in the early Christian groups called the dead of fori same name as the
groups of mithraic uh priests in fact a lot of these old mithraic temples were
repurposed for Christian churches there's churches right now in use not
not talk about old ruins people still attend churches today and the in in
their basements are myth raams they're still there they're not getting rid of them they just keep them there and the
people will travel to go see these places go look it up um this is what they did they have a story about St
Demetrius from the fifth century and he was the last one of the last Priests of
the eloian Mysteries and the story goes I don't know how true this is but the story is that demoner visited him in
dream and told him to worship Jesus said she said take all of my rights and put them onto Jesus so we
have we have like fifth sixth Century texts about uh co-opting the eloian rights and
bringing into the fold in Christianity we see this with soul indictus as well
so you start seeing early apologetics going on where they're trying to figure out when Jesus was born and the only
indication they have is they go off in in the Gospel of Luke where it says that
um when John was born his father Zachariah was one of the priests of a
sect called the uh abija which is the eighth division out of 24 divisions of
priests his job was to go in just like I just talked about these ancient rights the orphics would light certain incense
for certain gods for certain festivals well they do this in they do this in Israel they have certain priests from
certain classes in the case of Zechariah he was part of the the ABA abya or how
you pronounce it and they would twice two weeks out of the year it was their job to control the temple like its
incense and so there's a little bit of indication on what time of the year he could have been there but anyways it
ends up being where you can kind of hone it into like a month period you could
kind of pick there's some early accounts that say he might have been born on January 6 conceived in April six or
something like that and then there's later accounts when they start going you can start seeing the early apologetics
going huh Soul Is On The Rise soul is the head of the pantheon now elois came
along the sever came along and they're implementing these ancient Armenian
Persian Black Sea rights of mithus Solen victus and this is rising in the as I
showed you with the myth Rams everywhere and the Christians are looking at this and this is their main competitor of the
time period and they're going well wouldn't it be better if Jesus wasn't born on January 6th and we just made his
birth on December 25th oo that'll get some pagans to join us right which is
what they they did so continue with the slides and so you start seeing the these
making know Jesus being born on December 25th uh and there's there on the left
you see svanis right that's look at them look at that image of sanas look how Christlike
he looks you know what I mean you got your mithraic Kronos right he's holding the two keys you know the like Peter the
keys of the church right there you have your Mithra born from The Rock between
the dicar surrounded by the mithraic symbols there's your staffs with the
serpents on them there's your stars there and then then you have the you the bread of the cup of the
Eucharist okay that's Universal you see that with eloian mystery you see that with soul and Victor mystery you see
that Christianity you see that everywhere on the bottom you can see there's another communion where they're
all sitting at the table like the Last Supper doing their thing having you know these are these are ancient rights okay
and this isn't everyone's getting in this everyone's everybody has their own version of this because this is how it
was in the Bronze Age this is how it's passed down from generation to generation and as synchron as these gods
are being synced together through the Roman Imperial cult you start seeing this this is a text called
saturnalia by macrobius and he in this text he says that Apollo and the son are
the same and afterwards taught that he was the father of Liber
dionisis himself who is Apollo and there is no doubt from these that the son and
Liber dianis are considered the father of the same deity okay if you go down this is where
it gets crazy because you know you always hear this push back on the whole December 25th birth of the son of the
the Son of God thing well look what it says look what macrobes is saying here that in the winter
solstice he's depicted as a small child obviously know what that means he's born
on the winter solstice such as the Egyptians bring forth that the edius on the certain day that a very short day
this is the winter solstice talking about as small in a child he's born on the winter solstice and then his age is
set at the summer solstice when he attains his greatest height in the image
of the beard and then from from then on dimin dominations the God is represented as the fourth from an aging man likewise
in thce this is the same this uh likewise in thce the same is to be we
had to take the Sun and liberus who they call sabazius there he is there's sabazius
black sea god right where the same area as media all right if we continue we'll
see it says um and the sun is in the upper that is in the daytime hemisphere Apollo is
invoked all right and in the Underworld world that is that night
dionis father of the book is held that's where I got in that red it says up there
Apollo and the sun are the same and uh Liber is also so dianite
he's basically what he's getting at here okay he's saying dionis Apollo sabazius
pan whatever you want to call him this is the Son of God he's born on the winter solstice that's when that's cuz
that's when the sun is at its smallest that's when the sky you can see the Sun only this is right now we're at the time
where it's the shortest days of the year it's cold out it's the winter soltice time that's what this period is and so
um let's go to the next one it's the time of the year where the
the birth of the sun is is is happening the sun is being born and so here we go
this is the crazy part this is what I wanted to get to he calls him yaho he so macrobius after explaining
the rights of saturnalia and why we do saturnalia why we give gifts every year at this time why we shut down our
businesses why we held our New Year's festival at the C of
Janice and he says all these characters that we find in these mythologies are
all yaho he says it right here the sacred verses is called yaho for Apollo
CLA is consulted which one of these Gods should be considered who is called yaho now you know if you've watched my videos
you see in the Chelan oracles they say bakus is y they'll say there's a Triad
and you see this with the early Christians especially the valentinians where they try they say the like you don't have trinitarian theology until
like the fourth Century fifth century where they actually Institute the Trinity but the early gnostics were
already way ahead of them and they said that you know Jesus who is the Christ
the logos is in a Triad with Zoe you were talking about Zoe earlier
Zoe is called Sophia wisdom and they're in a Triad with the one the the the the
the one who is f Fones the the one that create self-created God right and that's
what these early Christians were saying and this is and this is now you have a pagan saying yaho is this God so there's
complete overlap and he he cites orus likewise orus uh I'll read the part
before that the power of this Oracle and the interpretation of the numbers and names by which the book the father and
the son yaho are signified was executed
by K Le laus in a book called on the Oracle of Apollo clarus likewise Orpheus
demonstrating that Liberty and the sun are one and the same God and he get he he cites the passage
and goes through how this is like these are ancient orphic ideas and so there is
no escaping or or orphic um inspiration
in these ancient mystery writs Eucharist baptisms uh these are all initiations
for the ancient Mysteries so that's that brilliant brilliant oh my God I
need to go take a cold shower that was so good oh and by the way yah oh you might be wondering what that's not the
same as Yahweh what it is the oldest sagent copies that we have so whatever
septu agent copy you think is the oldest is not you're thinking of a church text
called the Codex sinicus or the Codex alexandrus or the Codex um vaticanus
those are the three big church texts all of those are produced 325 or later so
between 325 and 400 they start producing these big church texts where they take the sepagan Old Testament it's altered
and the reason why we know it's heavily altered because we found fragments Greek fragments of the Old
Testament from Alexandria and instead of and in a lot of places in that text
where it's supposed to say Yahweh it says yaho in the exact same spelling
that you just saw in the Saturn ellia so it's that same God that bakus is named
after in the Chalan oracles where they say another name for bakus is yaho so
plutar turns out to be correct what he's talking about he's not just throwing this up out of his ass Plutarch is
looking at texts that that call bakus yaho and the septu agent is using this
God called yaho so he's not he's not just making this up he's citing texts
from the time period you see people you see what
happens when you give a angry person a club of Truth you see what happens when
they pick up that evidence listen to how many sources just listen to how many sources Gnostic just went through oh my
God I just heard one after another I was like oh irrefutable nobody can stand up to that
nobody you're swinging that lightsaber like it's red and you want to cut somebody in half yeah I'm say my weapon
is just sources that I just go to the sources yeah yeah it's a beautiful training people how lucky we are that
you know um Neil can jump in and can do all the source work so that there's no
question listen to what he's talking about this revolutionary I don't know if people heard it but that's
revolutionary right that is a different view of History than any of us have had
yeah definitely and from the mouths of the people who were living it good God
you can't get any more authentic than the Bible scholars Neil you will take them and you will do things to them that
are so naughty and so gratifying at the same time um oh God I love it and that's
why I want to say this too because that those those two religions that you see in the time of Constantine by the way
Julian the apostate is a nephew of Constantine he's from the same Dynasty
as Constantine originally these were two religions supposed to coexist and they
sort of mirror each other one of them is Christianity where it tries to separate itself from everyone else they're like
the ancient hipsters we're different than everybody oh you like all that mainstream Apollo stuff we're different
we don't we have different we have Jesus but it's really they're just a bunch of hipster douches right you know that
hipster douche that everyone knows that tries to listen to different music than everyone else and you've never heard this only I know this song that type of
crap right that's what they were like but the the um the the rights of myth R and Solen vicus was another form of this
ancient syncretist religion where you see both vtic and
helenistic uh traits coming from that part that Armenia capid doia uh you know
the place where media was and a lot of this stuff Finds Its way into the Roman religion and this is what this was the
ancient Roman religion and let's not forget let's not forget that media is
called Metra so um the connection the
connections there un um unbelievably tight when Julius Caesar walks his
scrawny bottom up to the Temple of Venus genetrix which if you know Rome you got
to understand this is like the cult that everybody who has Roman blood this is
their cult this is the Great mother the grics the producer of our people this is
our mother you're talking about our mother he walks into her Temple and he
dedicates a portrait by some famous Greek dude um of media right
yeah yeah that's crazy but so Julius Caesar Augustus they're venerating media
you've see and and they and they're not bringing this out up for the first time in Rome because you go back to the at
truskin and there's media there media is all over the place and she's a big deal
these ancient rights that these orphics are passing down are are if you want to
call it palasan I like that word because it covers it's it's not just Greece it's
also the Black Sea it's also Northern turkey that region Armenia it goes it's
all it's where you get this this uh it's where you see a lot of the the
derivatives of this ancient you see this with the the shites the Sha shites I
think I pronounced it right with Shiva there like a Eastern dianis going on and this is the god that represented by the
Som drink in in the Persian religion they call it the haa and it's the god of
the of of the vine it's the god of the drugs that that possesses you and in the
Greeks you see it's dionis so it's this it's the um it's the uh the K Kuan
Kon and so it's you see the same rights in their respective
languages you know tweaked in their own little way but ultimately it's these rights that are passed down from the
Bronze Age being kept intact all the way up until the Middle Ages when
Christianity and Sol and Vias are the the the last two but not just it's not really they're not the last two because
you have the word Pagan comes from it means like rustic like people on the
outside in the inner cities you have all these overeducated uh you know Ivory Tower
sort of nerd orphic Pythagorean middle platonist stoic people that think
they're smarter than everyone else and they have religion figured out and they have they they look at they read PL and get their theology from Plato but
outside of that in the countryside you have these rustic worshippers of pan that don't give a [__] about any of that
stuff they just want they just following what their what they were brought down from their parents and their
grandparents and they're keeping these rights alive they don't care what the new philosophy is of the day that that's
those are the people that I love that's why they call them pagans they're think of the hillbillies that's what they call
them yeah yeah think of the farm girls imagine the farm girls that what do they
do they're all tatted up and partially shaved and they go out on the weekends
at certain times of year and they they get get into groups don't get caught if
you get caught they'll [__] oh excuse me oh I can't believe that's the first time I said that the um um they'll catch
you and they'll kill you and this is their Pagan way this is their Pagan way
imagine those imagine those types and I was I was talking to another academic
about this it was so hard to get rid of them because you what gonna do you're gonna slaughter them all you can't do
that that's I mean so they have to co-op them somehow they have to tell them stories deminer showed up in a dream and
told and told Demetrius to worship Jesus you guys should do it it's totally cool oh we have a saint named Orpheus now and
he look he plays a liar just like orus does you see him trying to co-op them in different ways throughout different
centuries they won't go away never do go away they're always our pagans they're
always living on the countryside always all the way through the through the Middle Ages and the Renaissance and the
enlightenment you always have the small minority of P pans living somewhere they
survived you can see it you can see that Pagan influence come through when Rome's
like uh maybe we should start worshiping the frian mother why CZ in Oracle told your dumb
asses to do it right and you see the fian mother influencing the virgin
mother and those other capid oian frian Church fathers if you look at their tombstones we're just look me and you
were just looking at one from not to one of the early church fathers I can't remember his name starts with an A and
his Tombstone doesn't even have the word Jesus or Christ on there once all it is
is venerating the holy virgin mother like is that that's what they that was
synonymous with God the earliest Christians just the holy virgin mother gave me life gave me Zoey and this was
this is on the early church father's tomb then that Jesus isn't on there and Christ isn't on there and this is a big
Tombstone with with like 500 words no Jesus no Christ the holy virgin mother
is all you get what is that I mean that says something about these early frian
capid oian church fathers yeah and you mentioned earlier you mentioned earlier
that you know it's really these Black Sea peoples in the you know north of
turkey modern day Turkey who were passing on this culture down into Asia
Minor um through the trading and through the business it's where all the Pirates
come from um the southern coast of the Black Sea is where um Alexander the
false prophet you know famous he it's where he ends up going to start his uh start his
mystery yeah yeah and you got capid doia is wedged right in between the Persians and the Romans that's where you see this
blending happening and and you see um sabazius that's that's the home of
sabazius and and even Clement of Alexander is saying uh sabazius is a
counter sign because sa the way sabazius was worshiped it's like Zeus and dianis
rolled into one it's like a godhead like Jesus and the father right and Clement's
looking at this and Clement's saying this is a counter sign of the mysteries of Christ right he's saying They're
copying Jesus that's what he's saying and Justin Martyr uses the same apologetic crap where he tries to say oh
mithas uh he says what does he say he says um you know how Hermes is called
the logos all that stuff that looks like Jesus it's not they're cop They're copying us well you want to know why
they have to say that because they don't have a choice because they know it's it's either one way or the other so they have to argue for that side because they
don't have a choice they know that these these Son of God rights are being
applied to Jesus it's the other way around so that's that's where you start you see apologetics starts off early
apologetics is not a modern thing that you just see today where you see people AP have being called apologist online or
on Twitter no no no no Christian apologetics started from day one you don't see Pagan apologetics you
don't see or they don't care they're not trying to win you like you either initiate it or not you know what I mean
you're either you're either a baket or you're not no one really is not really like that you know
you were talking a little bit earlier you mentioned a couple of points that I wanted to bring up that were um super
strong areas of like gold you T you just mentioned macrobius and let me give a
plug to M macrobius you know get out there and take a look at them you want to see some of that real some of that
real cult stuff you know what I mean that's where it is beautiful marvelous
Source there's one I want to send people to one dracona nobody reads
dantus um playright right playright um not he's not technically a playwright
he's a dude who's exercising himself by writing um very short little
playlets um yeah think more of a Garian than anything else um you know anywh who
you've got to see some of the titles that he uses the people of Rome
understood for example they call Media scua right what is what is that from
it's from the fact that she's working in that region as the queen right again
it's the thing you mentioned there that was so important that people um I think need to hear is the bakic Empire you can
watch this thing how are they promoting and pushing the power of the bakic Empire it's with the oracles with the
oracles this system of oracles is consistent throughout Europe throughout
the Mediterranean right all over North Africa the Cil yeah they combine that's
what happens in Alexandria they're taking all these texts from these different symbols and putting them all into one book that's kind of where you
get the judeo-christian religion from comes from the cilene tradition and that's why you see all these prophets
like Jeremiah and Isaiah they're all it's all destruction the God's going to come and destroy you that's what you get
in the cilene oracles you know the guy who wrote the
guy who wrote um the Torah and other parts um in the thir Century um that guy
is borrowing so heavily from everything around I didn't mention it tonight
Gnostic but I want to ask you this I want to ask you this they've got how many how many of those gems do they
carry how many of those Sacred Stones does do they carry do you know what the
litha has it has the powers it has the powers of the stones from the Bronze Age
before there was Moses before there was a Abraham before there was anybody
proposed at WISE right this is ancient history to the people yeah that's that Zod zodiacal Perfection that's what they
call it zodiacal Perfection the 12 see that all across the board all AC and
it's just obvious you how many fruits was it oracles it's not even this is not even a
secret because the Sian oracles are still continuing to be written by Christians all the way into the 15th
century where they talk about the fall of Constantinople gonna happen so so
like they don't even hide that the tradition comes from the cilene text they called the first Christian cilis
right followers that's what kelus was saying he called when he starts listing off the groups of Christians the first
thing he says they're called civilist they're called simonian marianites and he lists to civilist first like you know
how you you read the back of a ingredients and it starts with the biggest ingredients first and it's it'll
say like oh uh sugar citric acid blah blah blah and it's always whatever whatever the most of it is is always
listed first that's how you kind of that's how you do stuff he said cilus first before he said anything else what
that says something about the tradition of Christianity where where it comes out of comes out of that alexandrian middle
platonist world stoics and platonist clashing that's what it is the theology
it's Greek you can't this is what amazes me I I met somebody who's a theology PhD
who even he said I'm surprised I even have a theology degree they should just call my degree something else because we
don't learn any Theology and we don't learn any Greek he I don't know anything about presocratic I don't know anything
about Plato but I'm theology PhD that's like that's like calling
yourself a surgeon and not knowing how to use a scalpel like like like what's going on like how do you do
that funny it's hilarious NE I can't believe that you're in that millu that
you're able to smell that thunk I love that isn't that amazing I'm gonna smell
it on any on any guests that ever come in the future on your show I'm gonna I'm going to smell them before they come in
did you I want people I want the satanic congregation to recognize um the use of source work here
see there's no ideas Neil didn't dream this up he didn't sit around and say hm
what kind of book can I write to make myself some fraking money and Status he didn't do that he's he's just going look
look at the sources and he can give you an accurate picture right that other
people who are so-called Scholars can't keep keep up with right let's give give
Neil the Kudos that he deserves he you know I'm going to say this Neil you told
me this in confidence but I don't think you'd mind me saying it um some other hooa somewhere else with a degree
and a professorship um said wow how is how is Gnostic informance so well informed in
the sources right as if it belong belongs to them as
if they can take these materials and make whatever they want and put stupid
ideas in your head when somebody who's roning from the outside comes in it's a huge threat look look what your audience
is way bigger than theirs well because it ain't 100 years ago 100 years ago if
you were living in the time of France kumat or you know whatever Kyle young or somebody you had to be you had to go to
university to get books you're not going on Amazon you're not reading them online and now everybody has the power you can
go online you can get a Greek tutor on Wiz you can learn Greek and Hebrew you can learn everything you want from your
computer and you can read the texts they're all translated you have people have no you don't need to pay
$40,000 to be to learn this stuff maybe if you want to be an expertise in one
specific area then go ahead knock yourself out go in debt for the rest of your life but if you just want like you
don't have to do you don't have to go in debt to learn this stuff I'm just saying I'm not I don't call myself an expert in
anything but I will say I'm pretty confident in like basic understanding of
a lot of this a lot of these subjects you know yeah I you can tell
them Neil next time you talk to anybody um that you want to flash your badge you
tell them you officially have a master's degree from satanic you there you go and
if you want them to play with you and the sources you welcome them in and then
Neil Neil you never you never lighten up when you go in you smash the hell out of
them do you understand you take that ground and you show them this is my Dojo
you know what I mean you show them show them the way and you can do that with the sources everybody sees that tonight
look there are a lot of BS artists out there there are a lot of people with degrees and with
titles that you and I don't have and those people will tell you this is the
way it was and all you got to do is watch look what look what Neil did with
the sword tonight he slayed he totally slayed he gave a picture of antiquity
that was razor sharp and Neil I could taste it I was getting all riled up kind
of kind of aroused by the whole situation you know intellectually speaking and um to see Paul site media
is pretty pretty hilarious because you can't escape you there is no escaping if you're writing in
Greek and even even just not even just the quote that's from media even just writing words in Greek you're you're
gonna start you're gonna run into the technical cultic terms like Eucharist or Baptist stuff that you find in the
azinian Mysteries and the mythra Mysteries Sam thracian Mysteries all
this stuff comes from this how many times does Paul talk about mystery the word mystery itself comes from the
ancient mystery rights it didn't mean it didn't mean like solve a riddle of a of a novel it
meant mystery the religion that's what it meant that's what that word meant how many preachers out there do you think
Neil how many priests and preachers know that Paul quoted media how how many do
you think not many they think because they know about
EP amenities but they know EP amenities was citing media zero I'll bet you I'll bet you
every I'll bet my degree against every degree at Dallas
Theological Seminary do you hear me I left Dallas Theological Seminary because
their Creek program was so bad you were there yes I started I started I what
year is this in their THD program oh I think it was 90s I enrolled in
their THD program I'm trying to imagine you in Dallas Theological Seminary yeah
yeah the first day I got there the first day I got there this guy who lived on
the same floor Ryan came in and he was like can I sit down I was like sure
brother go ahead and he said can you tell me your secret sins oh wow and I was like no man I got
some Greek to study to get it I think that's one of the institutions where you have to sign I know does this but and I
think uh I think they do it too where you have to sign a statement of faith well of course I the statement of faith
is like you will you will preach Jesus Christ was crucified and Rose in the third day like that's that you're
signing that for your degree yeah and we're they still do that in
2023 yeah I didn't I didn't get that far so mindblowing I didn't get that far though
I don't think you would have ever you would have agreed to that would you even back in the 90s you probably no but I
was getting so you see I had had a bachelor's in classics by this point
yeah so although I love Jesus Christ and wanted to continue my mission work um
and go through um Dallas the Seminary um I the classics was rooting it s in my
brain and um after a while I was like look their Greek sucks here um they they
do weird stuff that's kind of touchy Fey weird is that they call it biblical
Greek what's that well you you learn biblical Greek you you're stuck in this box it's only Greek terms that are you
found in the New Testament or septu right so you don't actually go outside
and find out where these words mean and what theologies are where they come from do they come from Orpheus do they come from Plato do they come from Homer
you're looking at it saying oh this word shows up in the septu agent and now it's being used in the New Testament so it
only can It only could mean these certain things you're stuck in a box right biblical Greek what's that yeah I
had a I had a bachelor's degree in Greek and Latin it was in a Classics
Department right and it was in Greek and Latin I double majored right I did both
and um what was funny was going from that at a major university I went to the
University of Arizona and go wild cats and um anyway um I after um getting that
technical exposure um I was able to go to Seminary
and see right away I mean the world that they live in with their language is so
unscientific if you I have students come to me from um biblical uh classes they're taking
you know they got to do so much biblical Greek right um and I get them and I have
to sit them down I have to reprogram them and I have say look this is a science so you know you can you can stop
messing around and you can learn the fundamentals right and I can take somebody like that and and train out the
the bad that Seminary gives them but it all comes down down to acts again the
book of The Acts of the Apostles when the people saw them talk when they saw Peter and John talk they
said there two things number one they're illiterate and number two they're
stupid right and they I went
toal the one passage I that's what I found at Dallas Theological Seminary it
reminds me of the page where where Paul where they walk up to Paul the stoics and uans are sitting in Athens I'm
picturing them you know with their beards like like mine right now and they're wearing their togas and these are some strange Notions you bring to
our ears tell us more and then and then it says he told them more and some of them were like oh
I gotta go and only a few stayed behind and I'm laugh I'm laughing because I'm like this
is probably true this sounds like a true Tech this is I think that part is historical that's a funny text it's like
Paul's sitting there in Athens going I want to tell you about Jesus and they W they all walk up and say huh this is
some strange Notions you bring to our ears go on go on Sir tell us well he resurrected oh I gotta
go I'm out of here and he's looking around at their statues and he sees one
of them says to an unknown God you know uh and it's it's probably it's probably
Theos hipos right the unnamed God and there he's looking around saying that's that's him that's ours we yeah we have
the same one so funny I I don't know that's how I read that part and people
think people than Neil that this guy Paul is a genius oh he's a this is the
author of the Romans and they talk about him like who ha ho ha dude um I've read
lots of classical authors lots of people before Paul and after Paul and I can tell you for a fact I wouldn't put Paul
in the top 67 70 authors um that I know
from Antiquity who could you know whose Works make his look kind of like
brainwashing yeah he's crazy he's out of his mind talking about yeah you need the
nosis you need to he says in Corinthians nosis speaking in tongues
and prophecy if you don't have you you have to have all three but if you don't have all three you got to have faith too
and if you don't have faith then you don't have all three but if you all three and you have faith then you're good like it sounds like he's going
crazy when you read you read Corinthians it sounds like someone going crazy you know he's being backed by the purple
right he's got Lydia and all the backing that he needs for that so okay I understand that's what's financing what
he's doing um but I think I think he was bringing those good Eastern drugs to the
Greeks and that's why they're like yeah all right we'll fund your project come on in come come to Corinthians and start
a church here bring some of that good Egyptian uh some good Arabian you know
whatever you got he was pushing the Venom he was pushing the Viper Venom
baby I mean if he's having visions of the seventh heaven he's you know he's done we know what that means you and I
know what that means yeah the yeah the angel came to him yeah the angel came to he fled up to the seventh heaven he said
or the third heaven he said all right we know how you got there there's only one way to get there there's only one way to get to the
third heaven to float up to the third heaven and what's funny is people who follow
the fairy tale I mean think about somebody trying to make just simple
think of a very simpleminded person somebody who's really concrete really down to earth and just
straightforward right and Paul says I got boosted up to the soand so heaven
and there I was and right and what is this person trying to what did you see him get struck by the snake that thing
didn't hurt him he's got this guy's pushing the thorn that's what they call it this guy's pushing the
thorn right so he's one of those freaking Pirates yeah remember we looked
up the Buckthorn in Greek the aanta and then it said like ACAA Roots as as on
the bottom on uh uh what we we call what's the website um uh percus tffs it
defined it defined that exact drug uh drug as
like that's DMT right there that's crazy I didn't even know that until that's why I love that website but um Paul yeah oh
and and I think whoever wrote James they say it's James or whoever someone else maybe that wrote James whatever whatever
the case is I'll just say James James just says text says James I'm just gonna call it James anyways whoever wrote that
was responding to Paul talking [__] and saying you don't know what you're talking about dude all your [__] about
faith cares he goes even demons have faith who gives a [__] about faith I
love that text dude I mean was he the one one of those jameses got thrown off
the Temple Mount yeah that's the one yeah was that what do you have to do at
work to piss people off so much they throw you out of the building I don't know what any ideas probably super
high probably probably just bothering everybody for being too high here we go here's the text right here I'm sharing
my screen on the right if you can pull it up he says you believe that there's one God good even
demons believe that like who it's basically like the way
it's supposed to be written the way it's supposed to be this is supposed to be um uh sarcastic the good part so tell me
this Neil tell me because I really want to expand on this and then um I'm gonna
call it um the bonic Empire is you're reading all of these sources
um and you're finding out that there's all of this you kind of get the sense of what bonic worship is hits this area at
this time hits thieves hits um Rome um
any oh Baptist too there's an organization yes and the Baptist is part
of it it's all part of the same movement right there's an organization to this isn't it that um people are not I think
the oracular structure is what's keeping because those oracles are the ones you're giv orders to say go do this
Colony yes you can go to war you know even when Athens is fighting with Sparta is as late as that right Classical
Greece what what ha um what happens you know it's all oracles right the you know
they they're General it's always women that perform the oracles yeah those generals are listening to is that funny
how isn't that funny how in the ancient world it's we always talk about patriarchy and uh
you know how women don't have roles in these religions these modern Islam and Christianity in the ancient world they
had ordained women do in these high roles of high priestesses handling the
snakes the serpents and handling the drugs and giving the oracles to these Kings and these generals telling them
what to do they were way ahead of their time I'm telling you democracy all that stuff Athena the image of Athena nurva
you see that you go to Independence Hall in Pennsylvania or in Washington DC and
you see manura Lady Liberty that's all ancient democracy from
Athens and like they had they were way ahead of their time you know what I mean
you think we'll be able to keep that all in with this final question and thank
you for coming tonight this has been absolutely wonderful final question for you I'll let you wrap with this this
tell me now you've told us everything about the past tell me now about the present and the immediate future are we
gonna be able to keep Liberty or is the government gonna be
challenged and overthrown we're keeping
it because it all the Liberty always prevails look at history even if there's
a dark time even there some dark that rise up eventually eventually Athena
always wins so that's what I'll that's what I'll say that's my that's my Oracle as long as we recognize that we
can go backwards that it is possible and funny thing is this happens when groups
like oh I don't know who did it in the third and fourth Cent Oh
Christians when the Christians challenge the government they were able to get a person to
endorse them A desperate guy named Constantine I think he had orange hair
and he said right I am now you know part of the whole key row Society right and
what happened crumble crumble crumble and everybody's like what the Julian that you mentioned tonight the
Christians you you have to understand people out there Julian the emperor that Neil mentioned tonight right who's one
to save the world tried to save the world tried to save the world tried to save civilization and and and I gotta
say this because the way the Christians treated the Jews for a, 1500 years was
real rough forcing them into ghettos basically treating secondhand CIT they weren't Roman citizens they had to be
treated like different like animals right Julian who wanted to bring the
ancient riots back said is Jerusalem belongs to the Jews he wanted to build
the temple again that was that's in the set it's in the sources so he this guy really did want
to keep the world back into its balance and where where it was supposed to be he said that Yahweh that's their that's
that's Israel let them have their God let Alexandria be ruled by carapus let Athens be ruled by Athena he had this
system that he was envisioned what it's supposed to be he that you got to give
like that's true you know you got to give him credit especially since all of
his male relatives were executed by the Christians when he was just a tiny kid
the only reason he was alive was it would look too bad if they killed a child right and sometimes we can walk
over that line right but it all M it makes us all queasy okay so your vote is
we keep Lady Liberty here we follow Justice we we we shed the blood of
tyrants onto the tree of Liberty to make our Republic stand you're cisero who who
do I get to be uh who do I get to be I want to find out who I am but yeah I'm
cister then are you coming with the opposite no I want to be with you no I'm
I want to keep the Republic you know yeah you got your dagger you're
Brutus cisero and Brutus no I love glad you said that I I was hoping you would
say that because that I think they were on the right I mean Caesar whatever Caesar is Caesar you know whatever he's
great General and and the emperor but he was on the wrong side of history in my opinion ciso was on the right side of
History that's just my opinion I've read a lot of this sources I'm a big fan of of Lucian Civil War and I'm big fan of
Cicero I'm big fan of diodorus and oid and uh and Cassie is Doo and all these
great uh Virgil and my my Come Away with that time period was sis will try to
save the Republic and that was the way to go yeah who knows what could have happened if they kept that thing intact
yeah he was trying he was trying he was he put himself um between their past
Republic and this wave of imperialism that ultimately ultimately wiped them
out they couldn't as soon as the when you make your central power so power powerful that they can do anything soon
as you get someone in there with no limits everything's going to crumble everything's the only way to maintain a
a a a government like that is to keep fighting Wars right it's to keep get you
got to get your Legions out there you got to take more land you got to take more resources that's the only way to keep that type of system going that's
why throughout the that's why they call it the Dark Ages and the Middle Ages is all the ostrogoths the vandals the the
the Huns all war Warrior cultures trying to kill each other over kingdoms and
land and when you have a republic with a with a with a um with a senate that
represents the people at large with vote like you balance the power out more
there's just a and the Thomas Jefferson and um Thomas Payne they realized this
after the enlightenment they said those Greeks had it figured out nii was big into the Greeks they though we have to
go back to they were doing this is the only way like all this other all this Holy Roman Empire crap that's got to go
everyone's like you either you either are living as a surf or you're a billionaire living in a church like
trillionaire I'm saying equated to today's money because that's what they were these these high Cardinals and
Bishops living in they're the only ones that enjoyed life life was only good if you were one of those people to anyone
else life sucked so one I hate this this new thing that historians do now well
they'll say the Dark Ages W weren't as dark as we thought it was actually pretty good for who for [__] who I
hate that [__] I push back against that I don't care I still call it the Dark Ages I'm gonna keep continuing to call
it that yeah prove it prove me otherwise Scotland Edinburgh has a
wonderful Museum um of the middle-age torture devices that are used to extract
information from people or just you know if your group is into that if your Brotherhood is into you know beating and
abusing people you know um this is a good place for it yeah know I thank you
very much Middle Ages I think I think I'd rather you know fly with the people
who talked about the Golden Age you know what they said the Romans gold said their golden age was it was the pox
Romana it was that time when those doors are shut and there aren't there aren't
Wars right do you cation that's what lukan gets at in
his farsia where he emphasizes the ter it's the time of Peace when when when
when people are happy during times of War it's just death and sadness and
depression nothing good happen nothing good comes from war that's why I see these idiots on Twitter with their
Alexander the Great um thumbnails and they'll they'll say like Christian
Warrior and they're like look how based it was back in the back in ancient Rome and they they don't know what the [__]
they're talking about none of these people ever had to Pi a spear or a or uh
St like they have no idea what it was like like Homer Homer made made it clear
war is not that great it sucks read The Iliad and Homer describes what happens
when when when um Ajax throws a spear and it goes through somebody and they
start to blank out and they lose their Consciousness and then they're gone Homer writes that out very vividly Homer
is trying to tell you war is not fun and achilles was the the symbol of
how War can really tear people apart
when Achilles has to kill Hector and a father has to grieve for a son that's
this is a really that's why they call this text Divine because it's so true yeah Mars Mars lays down with
Venus right that's that's the thing that's that Roman ideal that's that
Triad yeah to get to that to perfect civilization that was the
dream of the Seven Hills right and that stuff was appropriated through time and
used the Christians have used those images for centuries and distorted them
just like Julian said he said they're going to distort everything it turns out they did so that the image that we get
their their Bible times are just totally I mean come on who who believes any of
that stuff anymore I mean how can you oh my God okay I won't start because we've been long enough but um thank you thank
you Neil I'm going to give you uh a last chance to comment here thank you for
coming on satanic initiation um glad to have you before the show's over I want to tell people
Wednesday our very last show will be a um I will sum up I'll give you the um
attorney for the transdimensional authority I'll sum up with the charges
against Jesus and then I will give us a chance to come to a verdict via you and
whether it will be a poll or whether we'll just be scanning the chats um either way it should be fun and we'll
have a little bit of fun and I'll end up with a few comments just a way of thanking you and for being involved and
thank you Neil and you've got the last word tonight on satanic initiation hail
Satan hell Satan I'm working on a video right now about this time of the year
the winter solstice saturnalia this time of the year is a special time of the year it's a magical
time of the year and um there's light in the darkness you know and I I I Hanukkah
the idea of Hanukkah where they light the manora the light in the Darkness is that solest time of the year so um and
and so I'm working on a a video that I'm I'm done with the script and I'm recording it now and I'll be editing it
it'll be out in the next week probably five six days and it's about this time of the year and the certain rights it
goes back to uh uh haa how hola the ancient Greeks had a Bak Festival during
this time of the year before the Romans did saturnalia the Greeks had a different winter festival dedicated to
bakus that's in the video Soul Invicta stuff saturnalia stuff um some some of
the uh Christian ideas so like it's all about the whole video is g to be about the ancient festivals and the the
showing the sources of what they said about this time of the year interesting [__] the Egyptians had temples built
that would Mark the Sun in the sky and there fascinating [__] the sun would line up in a certain place during the
winter solstice cool [__] that's what's coming next gorgeous gorgeousness and gorgeos
all wrapped up love it I love it okay guys thank you for coming tonight
everybody out there go yeah happy birthday Lucifer yeah happy birthday
right what it is that's that's what this month is that's what this month is birth of Lucifer we should sing Happy Birthday
to the devil on the final episode that would be nice idea that would be nice
okay um thank you guys for coming tonight Hil Satan hell
[Music] Satan and
Fortune oh worldly renowned on the day that it came an
AR you just turned it down all the
way why did you ever change your name
away why did you ever change your [Music]
name